Related works:

Babaians:Our ability to accurately pour liquids into containers
might seem trivial to us. On the contrary, such an ordinary
interaction is one of the most challenging tasks in Robotics.
With automation entering more and more aspects of our
professional and private life, pouring liquids is becoming
an indispensable skill for robots. The potential of using pre-
cision pouring robots is immense in the catering/hospitality
industry. Likewise, in service robotics, precision pouring as
a skill will make robots valuable kitchen assistant robots.
Furthermore, robots can aid as drinking and eating assistants
for motor-impaired patients or the elderly.
Given the complexity of the fluid dynamics and the limited
degrees of freedom in robots, formulating a direct control
mechanism for pouring is difficult.

Recent progress in deep reinforcement learning (RL) [2]
and inverse reinforcement learning (IRL) [3] has brought
promising results for controlling agents in complex environ-
ments with large state or action spaces. This motivated us to
solve the robotic pouring using deep reinforcement learning.

Related works di babaian sono interessanti

Contributo:
One of the challenges in applying RL to robotics problems
is that acquiring a large number of experiences from the real
world can be time and cost expensive. Therefore, often it
is more beneficial to carry out the training in a simulation
environment and later transfer the skill to the real world. To
this end, we implemented a simulation environment for the
interaction between robots and the liquids. Through extensive
real-world and simulated experiments, we design the opti-
mized state-space, action-space, and the reward functions.


sim2real:
Using Simulation and Domain Adaptation to Improve Efficiency of Deep Robotic Grasping

Liquid modelling: 
Robot Motion Planning for Pouring Liquids
Autonomous Precision Pouring From Unknown Containers
PourNet: Robust Robotic Pouring Through Curriculum and Curiosity-based Reinforcement Learning
sph pressure solver (genesis paper e related)

Physics modelling:
cercare paper per simulatori (vedi genesis)
Vision-based robot manipulation of transparent liquid containers in a laboratory setting
Adaptable Pouring: Teaching Robots Not to Spill using Fast but Approximate Fluid Simulation

Planning: 
Planning generale:
Paper Arrigoni per RRT.
PLANNING ALGORITHMS (La Valle)
Monte Carlo Tree Search for Multi-Robot Task Allocation
A self-learning Monte Carlo tree search algorithm for robot path planning
Human-Robot Collaborative Multi-Agent Path Planning using Monte Carlo Tree Search and Social Reward Sources
Planning with Spatial and Temporal Abstraction from Point Clouds for Deformable Object Manipulation
Monte-Carlo Robot Path Planning
Motion Planning as Online Learning: A Multi-Armed Bandit Approach to Kinodynamic Sampling-Based Planning

Planning con incertezza:
Generalizing from a Few Examples: A Survey on Few-Shot Learning
Dropout as a Bayesian Approximation: Representing Model Uncertainty in Deep Learning
Generalized Bayesian deep reinforcement learning
C MAX ++ : Leveraging Experience in Planning and Execution using Inaccurate Models
Planning and Execution using Inaccurate Models with Provable Guarantees
Online Adaptation of Sampling-Based Motion Planning with Inaccurate Models
Monte Carlo Tree Search in the Presence of Transition Uncertainty
Learning where to trust unreliable models in an unstructured world for deformable object manipulation (https://www.science.org/doi/epdf/10.1126/scirobotics.abd8170)


Planning for liquids:
Robot Motion Planning for Pouring Liquids
An Uncertainty-aware Planning Approach to Robotized Liquid Pouring
Vision-based robot manipulation of transparent liquid containers in a laboratory setting (pouring planning)
Adaptable Pouring: Teaching Robots Not to Spill using Fast but Approximate Fluid Simulation ()

Implementazione planning su pc:
Reducing the Barrier to Entry of Complex Robotic Software: a MoveIt! Case Study
Parametric Trajectory Libraries for Online Motion Planning with Application to Soft Robots

RL:
Ensemble Reinforcement Learning: A Survey	
1. Arulkumaran, K., Deisenroth, M.P., Brundage, M., Bharath, A.A.: Deep reinforce-ment learning: A brief survey. IEEE Signal Processing Magazine 34(6), 26–38(2017). https://doi.org/10.1109/MSP.2017.2743240
2. Ding, Z., Huang, Y., Yuan, H., Dong, H.: Introduction to reinforcement learning. In: Deep reinforcement learning, pp. 47–123. Springer (2020) 

RL for liquids
Mixline: A Hybrid Reinforcement Learning Framework for Long-horizon Bimanual Coffee Stirring Task
One-Shot Domain-Adaptive Imitation Learning via Progressive Learning Applied to Robotic Pouring
PourNet: Robust Robotic Pouring Through Curriculum and Curiosity-based Reinforcement Learning
PILCO: A Model-Based and Data-Efficient Approach to Policy Search (more efficient but unapplicable to rob liq pour)

Diffusion models: 
Diffusion Policy: Visuomotor Policy Learning via Action Diffusion


Vision:
Vision-based robot manipulation of transparent liquid containers in a laboratory setting (2 CNN in serie)
Unsupervised Pixel–Level Domain Adaptation with Generative Adversarial Networks
IMPROVING FILLING LEVEL CLASSIFICATION WITH ADVERSARIAL TRAINING
Single Image-Based Food Volume Estimation Using Monocular Depth-Prediction Networks
Computer Vision for Recognition of Materials and Vessels in Chemistry Lab Settings and the Vector-LabPics Data Set
Predicting 3D shapes, masks, and properties of materials inside transparent containers, using the TransProteus CGI dataset
Depth Map Prediction from a Single Image using a Multi-Scale Deep Network
Deep Residual Learning for Image Recognition
Siamese Neural Networks for One-shot Image Recognition
